---
title: Introduction
description: What to expect from Alberta Hiking Resources.
icon: 'lucide:info'
---

## Motivation

The motivation for creating this site is threefold:
1. **Hiking Groups**: There are so many Facebook and Meetup groups related to hiking in Alberta that it's easy to get lost in the jungle. Let's highlight a few decent options to give newcomers an entry point.
2. **Hike Organizers** Provide a space for hike organizers to provide more information about their philosophy, rules, and describe what to expect on their hikes. Facebook events and posts can be too limiting, hard to read, and require avoidable copy-paste to express such information.
3. **F.A.Q.** Provide answers to frequently asked questions (Gear Recommendations, Trail and Safety Information, etc)

If the information is already present somewhere else, let's link to it. The goal isn't to duplicate existing information but to make it more easily available.

## Call for Help

The original author of this site, Sami, isn't knowlegeable enough to come up with all the information by himself. As a result, the hope is that by initiating this effort, other contributors will help make this more useful.

In particular, you are welcome [to contribute](/getting-started/contributing) if:
- You know of additional groups worth mentioning, or would like to improve the background information of the groups that are currently highlighted.
- You are a hike organizer and would like to share what people can expect when they join your hikes
- You would like to contribute general information about trails, safety, or gear.
  

## License

The information is released under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
